[Music]
what are you doing Hollywood movies
propulsion knife in the water baby stuck
up the foot box
just about the diffusion of white folks
how I think they'll civil so robbery or
movie
[Music]
[Applause]
teach me to edit had to see it for
myself
they call me Viking man so dad I'm here
auditioning for a part me along by but I
don't think I'll get it
I made all the movies I push through
every single one
[Music]
[Applause]
I got an idea about this great white
shark that terrorizes the town like in
New England
Ronis you robot you two can't make
movies together anymore
no sharing ideas did you find what you
were looking for
no there's a secret movie that's been
hidden in all the movies ever made who
made it go put it there
TS Eliot's good enough for most people
but go ahead
Christ Victor movies are a goddamn
birthright they taught them to prisoner
basketball would you there's a gun in
him
[Music]
this is a very weird moving
it feels like it's like a place in the
Sun
[Music]